Better describe the restrictions when using reversediff (#1893)
TuringLang/Turing.jl: docs/src/using-turing/autodiff.md

Turing supports four packages of automatic differentiation (AD) in the back end during sampling. The default AD backend is [ForwardDiff](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ForwardDiff.jl) for forward-mode AD. Three reverse-mode AD backends are also supported, namely [Tracker](https://github.com/FluxML/Tracker.jl), [Zygote](https://github.com/FluxML/Zygote.jl) and [ReverseDiff](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ReverseDiff.jl). `Zygote` and `ReverseDiff` are supported optionally if explicitly loaded by the user with `using Zygote` or `using ReverseDiff` next to `using Turing`.

> To switch between the different AD backends, one can call function `Turing.setadbackend(backend_sym)`, where `backend_sym` can be `:forwarddiff` (`ForwardDiff`), `:tracker` (`Tracker`), `:zygote` (`Zygote`) or `:reversediff` (`ReverseDiff.jl`). When using `ReverseDiff`, to compile the tape only once and cache it for later use, the user has to call `Turing.setrdcache(true)`. However, note that the use of caching in certain types of models can lead to incorrect results and/or errors. Models for which the compiled tape can be safely cached are models where the computation doesn't change between different samples of the sampler. Thus, all loops should be fixed size, if-statements should only depend on conditions that can be determined at compile time (constants) or conditions that depend only on the data (which is constant throughout the sampling). If-statements that depend on the parameter values will vary in which branch they take from one sample to another and thus the record of the calculations compiled into the ReverseDiff cached tape will be incorrect. Thus you can not use ReverseDiff when your model makes decisions based on the value of parameters.

Reviewer: Some suggestions:
```suggestion
To switch between the different AD backends, one can call function `Turing.setadbackend(backend_sym)`, where `backend_sym` can be `:forwarddiff` (`ForwardDiff`), `:tracker` (`Tracker`), `:zygote` (`Zygote`) or `:reversediff` (`ReverseDiff.jl`). When using `ReverseDiff`, to compile the tape only once and cache it for later use, the user has to call `Turing.setrdcache(true)`. However, note that the use of caching in certain types of models can lead to incorrect results and/or errors.
Compiled tapes should only be used if you are absolutely certain that the computation doesn't change between different executions of your model.
Thus, e.g., in the model definition and all im- and explicitly called functions in the model all loops should be of fixed size and and `if`-statements should always execute the same branches.
For instance, `if`-statements with conditions that can be determined at compile time or conditions that depend only on the data will always execute the same branches during sampling (if the data is constant throughout sampling and, e.g., no mini-batching is used).
However, `if`-statements that depend on the model parameters can take different branches during sampling and hence the compiled tape might be incorrect.
Thus you must not use compiled tapes when your model makes decisions based on the model parameters.
```
